remove "apparmor" and "selinux" build tags (#2709)
opencontainers/runc: README.md

e.g.

```bash
make BUILDTAGS='seccomp'
```

| Build Tag | Feature                            | Enabled by default | Dependency |
|-----------|------------------------------------|--------------------|------------|
| seccomp   | Syscall filtering                  | yes                | libseccomp |
| selinux   | selinux process and mount labeling | yes                | <none>     |
| nokmem    | disable kernel memory accounting   | no                 | <none>     |

> The following tags were used in the past versions, but no longer meaningful in the
> latest version:
> - apparmor

Reviewer: I would be more specific here, as "latest version" is vague.

Something like 

```suggestion
The following build tags were used earlier, but are now obsoleted:
 - **apparmor** (since runc v1.0.0-rc93 the feature is always enabled)
```

(or something like that -- the main idea is to mention a specific version)

Author: fixed
